DDI 408 [Contextual Doc] GTM Guide (#583)
Amplitude-Developer-Docs/amplitude-dev-center: docs/data/sources/google-tag-manager-server.md

---

> title: Amplitude Analytics

Author: That's good suggestion! Added a `Google Tag Manager Template - ` prefix to ensure it can be searched.

> description: Official Google Tag Manager template for Amplitude Analytics for data collection.

Reviewer: Please be more explicit about which template this is.

Author: Changed to the following:

Collect data with ease using Amplitude Analytics GTM template - the official server-side Google Tag Manager template for seamless data collection

---

> Server-side Google Tag Manager Template for Amplitude Analytics. The tag utilizes the [Amplitude HTTP V2 API](../../analytics/apis/http-v2-api/) for data collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the server-side Google Tag Manager Template for Amplitude Analytics. The tag uses the [Amplitude HTTP V2 API](../../analytics/apis/http-v2-api/) for data collection.
```

!!!info Resources
    [:simple-googletagmanager: GTM Template Gallery](https://tagmanager.google.com/gallery/#/owners/amplitude/templates/amplitude-server-gtm-template) · [:material-github: GitHub](https://github.com/amplitude/amplitude-server-gtm-template)

> ## Tutorial video

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This video tutorial walks through the implementation basics. 
```
